Docs for integrating data libraries and tools with Hub (#1574)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-libraries.md

The guide covers:

- Possible approaches to loading data from the Hub into your library/tool
- Possible approaches to uploading data from your library/tool to the Hub

### Loading data from the Hub

If you have a library for working with data, it can be helpful for your users to load data from the Hub.

In general, we suggest relying on an existing library like `datasets`, `pandas` or `polars` to do this unless you have a specific reason to implement your own. If you require more control over the loading process, you can use the `huggingface_hub` library, which will allow you, for example, to download a specific subset of files from a repository.

You can find more information about loading data from the Hub [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/datasets-downloading).

#### Integrating via the Dataset Viewer and Parquet Files

The Hub's dataset viewer and Parquet conversion system provide a standardized way to integrate with datasets, regardless of their original format. This infrastructure is a reliable integration layer between the Hub and external libraries.

> The Hub automatically converts the first 5GB of every dataset to Parquet format (unless already in Parquet) to power the dataset viewer and provide consistent access patterns. This standardization offers several benefits for library integrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the dataset is not already in Parquet, the Hub automatically converts the first 5GB of every dataset to Parquet format to power the dataset viewer and provide consistent access patterns. This standardization offers several benefits for library integrations:
```

i suggest reversing the two clauses to make Parquet ~the default format on the hub
